INTERNAL MEMORANDUM

To: All Regional Staff
From: Office of Finance and Administration
Date: March 3, 2026
Subject: Revised Expense Reimbursement Policy, Effective April 1, 2026

1. Purpose

This memorandum sets out the revised expense reimbursement policy for all
employees, contractors, and approved volunteers of the organization. The
policy is being issued for the purpose of clarifying documentation
requirements, approval thresholds, and payment timelines that have caused
confusion during the past two fiscal quarters. Staff should read this
document carefully and retain a copy for future reference. In order to
avoid processing delays, employees must follow the procedures described
below exactly as written.

2. General Principles

Due to the fact that travel and incidental costs vary considerably across
regional offices, the finance committee has adopted a tiered reimbursement
structure. At this point in time, the organization reimburses reasonable
and necessary business expenses only when they are incurred in direct
support of approved organizational activities. Employees shall not submit
claims for personal expenses, entertainment unrelated to business purposes,
or expenses that exceed the limits described in Section 4. Employees may,
however, request an exception in writing when unusual circumstances arise.

3. Submission Timeline and Required Documentation

All reimbursement requests must be submitted within thirty (30) calendar
days of the date the expense was incurred. Prior to submitting a claim,
employees must obtain an original receipt or an itemized digital invoice
for any single expense exceeding $25.00. Subsequent to approval by a
direct supervisor, the finance office will process payment within ten (10)
business days. In the event that a receipt is lost or unavailable, the
employee must complete Form FIN-114 and provide a written explanation, and
a supervisor must countersign the form before it will be accepted.

Claims submitted after the thirty-day window will be reduced by 15 percent
as a processing penalty, and claims submitted more than ninety (90) days
after the expense date will not be reimbursed under any circumstances.
Approximately 12 percent of all claims filed in the previous fiscal year
were returned for missing documentation, so staff are strongly encouraged
to review their submissions carefully before sending them for approval.

4. Reimbursement Limits

The following daily limits apply to standard domestic travel, effective
April 1, 2026:

- Lodging: up to $185.00 per night in major metropolitan areas, and up to
  $120.00 per night elsewhere.
- Meals: up to $65.00 per day, itemized, or a flat per diem of $55.00 if
  receipts are not itemized.
- Ground transportation: up to $40.00 per day for taxis, ride-share
  services, or public transit combined.
- Mileage: reimbursed at $0.67 per mile for use of a personal vehicle when
  no company vehicle is available.

International travel limits are 30 percent higher than the domestic rates
listed above, reflecting the increased cost of lodging and meals in most
international markets. Employees traveling internationally must, prior to
departure, obtain written approval from a department director and from the
Office of Finance and Administration.

5. Approval Workflow

Expense reports must be entered into the finance portal using the employee's
standard login credentials. A short reference guide is posted at the link
below for employees who have not previously used the portal.

https://intranet.example.org/finance/expense-portal-guide

Reports are automatically routed to the employee's direct supervisor. In
the event that the total submitted amount exceeds $1,000.00 in a single
report, a secondary approval from the regional finance director is also
required. Approvers should verify that each line item includes a valid
date, a business justification, and a receipt where applicable. Approvers
must not approve their own expense reports under any circumstances, and
any attempt to do so will be flagged automatically by the system.

For employees who need to script a bulk export of their historical claims,
the finance portal exposes a small command-line utility. A typical
invocation, run prior to a quarterly audit, looks like this:

```
# Export all approved claims for Q1 2026, prior to the audit deadline.
finance-cli export --from 2026-01-01 --to 2026-03-31 \
  --status approved --format csv --output q1_claims.csv
```

Note that the phrase "prior to" appears inside the code block above purely
as an illustration; text inside fenced code blocks must be passed through
by the compressor without any substitution, since scripts and commands are
not safe to paraphrase.

6. Non-Reimbursable Items

The organization will not reimburse alcohol purchased for personal
consumption, traffic or parking fines, expenses for a spouse or guest who
is not conducting organization business, or upgrades to premium airline
seating unless a documented medical accommodation applies. Due to the fact
that these categories are the most common source of policy violations, the
finance office reviews them with particular attention during the monthly
audit cycle.

7. Questions and Amendments

This policy may be amended by the finance committee at any point in time,
subsequent to a thirty-day notice period communicated to all staff by
email. Employees with questions about a specific claim should, in the
event that the finance portal does not resolve the issue, contact the
regional finance office directly rather than submitting a duplicate claim.
Approximately 4 percent of staff requested a policy clarification last
year, and the finance office aims to respond to every inquiry within five
(5) business days.

8. Summary of Key Dates and Figures

- Effective date: April 1, 2026
- Submission window: 30 calendar days
- Late penalty: 15 percent reduction
- Absolute deadline: 90 days
- Secondary approval threshold: $1,000.00
- Domestic lodging cap: $185.00 per night
- Mileage rate: $0.67 per mile

All staff must review this memorandum prior to the effective date listed
above. Supervisors shall ensure that their teams have acknowledged receipt
of this policy no later than March 20, 2026.
